so making a mistake with a pencil is
easy to fix
you just use the pink side right and
with ink you just flip the eraser and
use the blue part
wrong and you just wrecked a perfectly
good piece of paper
that's because the blue part is actually
also for pencil
mind blown the blue side of the eraser
is for erasing mistakes on thicker paper
where the softer pink side just can't
get the job done
a vegetable peeler isn't just for
potatoes or carrots
you can use it to shave off thin slices
of onion
hey i just saved you time stress and a
whole bunch of tears
it's also good for cutting perfect thin
slices of cheese
everything is better with cheese the
diagonal leather patch on backpacks
isn't just for decoration it's there to
hold your nasty shoes
backpacks are made for the outdoors with
pockets to hold water bottles pens
maps coins and maybe even tiny dogs
so it makes sense to tie up your muddy
shoes on the
outside of your bag placing a wooden
spoon across the top of a pot of pasta
can stop it from turning into a volcano
situation
the bubbles get all confused when they
come into contact with the spoon's water
repelling surface
and they retreat back into the pot
victory
less mess and more pasta if you're
pre-rinsing your dishes like you were
told to
you might be getting worse results from
your dishwasher
most modern dishwashers have sensors
inside them
to sense how dirty your plates are then
they unleash a controlled jet of water
to get all of that
stuff off scrape any solid food into
your compost bin
and stack them up properly let the
dishwasher do the hard work
dropping an open juice box can turn a
relaxing sunday
into a day of cleaning up a sticky mess
the manufacturers know how you feel and
how clumsy you can be
that's why they put little handles on
the cartons flip up the flaps at the top
of the juice box
okay now you can totally space out
blenders are designed to have the
liquids put in first
to make the perfect smoothie add your
milk coconut water
yogurt or whatever you use in first
then your berries and spinach and
whatever you can thank me later
you're welcome ever pull the foil lid
off a pudding
or one of those mini applesauce things
and realize
you don't have a spoon with you don't
worry there's a trick for that
hidden in the foil give it a little fold
and it's good to go now it's not really
a spoon
more of a mini shovel but it gets the
job done
or you can use your fingers instead no
no more sacrificing your fingernail on
that key ring your friend got you in
combo
for a frustration free way to add a new
key to your ring
grab a staple remover and wedge its
teeth between the coils
create even more space by pressing down
now there's no need to cry over spilled
milk
pouring milk out of a carton can
sometimes lead to messy accidents
unless you use this simple trick turn
the carton around
and pour it out that way what it may
seem weird
but once you try it you'll never go back
have you ever tried to pull out a square
of plastic wrap
only to have the whole roll jump out of
the box in excitement
not anymore there's little cardboard
tabs on the sides
to hold the tube in place making it easy
to glide the film
out just push them in and never be
frustrated again
never using a plunger on a clogged
kitchen sink or toilet can be annoying
but have you really got the right tool
for the job
one is the standard bowl shaped rubber
head
this is perfect for flat surfaces like a
sink or a tub
the other one has a narrower head on it
specifically designed for toilet pipes
having a cold drink on a hot summer's
day is so
refreshing but what do you do if your
soda bottle is still warm
cry the always handy paper towel is here
to save the day
with the towel wrap it around the bottle
and place it in the freezer for 15 to 20
minutes
presto a nice cold beverage
when you look at a check and see mp near
the signature line
it means the check printer used
microprint as an extra security feature
to the untrained eye it looks like a
normal line
tricky stuff elevators have many tricks
up their sleeves
not that they actually wear coats or
anything
pressing the floor button twice to turn
it off
holding the closed door button and your
floor together to get an express ride
does that actually work but what about
that secret hole in the outside door
is someone looking in on your board
resting elevator face
as cool as that would be it's only for
maintenance people to open the elevator
and fix
any problems cutting cherry tomatoes can
be extremely boring
one tomato at a time surely there's a
quicker way to do this
well try placing a bunch of them between
two plates
slice in between and enjoy perfectly cut
cherry tomato halves the colored tags
used to seal bread
tell you which day of the week the bread
was baked on who would have guessed
the coating makes it easier for shops to
remove older loaves from the shelves
but bread tags can do more than keep
your favored loaf sealed
grabbing the right cord from behind the
tv is all about luck
until now use the old bread tags as
indicators to quickly find the cord you
want
look at some of those loose coins in
your jar by the door
notice those ridges back in the 18th
century
people would file coins down round up
the shavings
and mint their own coins later to stop
this
the us mint decided to put ridges on the
coins to show if they'd been
tampered with now it's just tradition
the indent at the bottom of wine bottles
is called a punt
the punt makes the wine bottle stronger
so if they're dropped
the cork won't fly across the room with
all that pressure
now takeaway sodas have a built-in
coaster
where you might ask the lid of course
place the lid down on a table under your
drink to avoid any of those annoying
condensation rings
wooden hangers aren't just great for the
environment they'll save your clothes
too
if you have pine or cedar hangers laying
around
keep them in the closet with all the
others the secret behind wooden hangers
is that they'll keep moths off your
clothes and make them smell fresh too
only a few people know the secret of
getting your to go ketchup
out of the bottle without wasting any so
tap that number 57
sweet spot to get a perfect what's the
word
dollop don't waste your strawberries by
cutting off the top
use a straw and push through from the
bottom of the strawberry now enjoy a
tasty cylinder of strawberry goodness
just don't eat the leaves the brushes
on the sides of escalators aren't for
cleaning your shoes
but they do do a great job the nylon
brushes stop us from getting caught on
the side of the escalator
by tickling our ankles interesting trick
mini screwdrivers can be used with a
wrench to create more torque
just place the wrench over the handle of
the screwdriver
and you'll use a lot less force than you
would have before
it also makes it easier to get to those
hard to reach areas
flip any tupperware container over and
you'll likely see a few symbols
these are to show you if they're
dishwasher safe if they can be
microwaved or frozen
and how to recycle them so it turns out
we've been opening bananas wrong
for way too long instead of opening up
at the stem
turn them upside down and peel from the
bottom
it opens much easier that way that's how
monkeys eat them
so how do we get it so wrong
analog watches can do much more than
tell time
if you need to step away from your
computer a bunch of times
but don't want to have to keep logging
back in place your mouse over the top of
your analog
watch the mouse will read the ticking
second hand
and keep your computer screen from
turning black
extension cords can easily frustrate
anyone
just as you start getting into a rhythm
the power cuts out
the best way to avoid this is simple
builders use this trick all the time
tie the ends together and they'll never
disconnect again
keychain bottle openers aren't just for
kids you know
on the underside there's a thing you can
use to open a can
as well this works especially well if
you don't have
nails or don't want them broken back in
the day
pizza for dinner was like winning the
lottery only with more cheese
but did you ever notice that plastic
stopper in the middle of the box
stopping the lid from touching the pizza
it also has another use
use this little stopper to hold down the
slice next to yours when you're getting
it out of the box
yeah you can thank me later that square
of fabric isn't meant for repairing
holes in your clothing
although might as well keep it just in
case
it's actually a tester for your washing
machine and detergent
if the fabric square comes out of the
cycle okay
then wash away but be honest how many
people do you think have really ever
done this
i'm guessing not many